[Code standards] Clarify expectations for modular unit tests (#997)
tektoncd/community: standards.md

  * Validation + validation tests
* Unit tests
  * Coverage should remain the same or increase

>   * Each test class should only test one function at a time, and each test case should only test
>   one set of inputs at a time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * As much as possible, we recommend each test have a focused set of inputs and outputs - e.g.  testing one function at a time, limiting the set of inputs to make it clear what's being tested, etc.
```

I somewhat disagree with this line as written - it comes across as a requirement, when inevitably there are going to be things that need to bend the rule here. I think it's a good rule of thumb and recommendation though. Took a pass a re-writing this to be more "best practice"-y. lmk what you think!

Author: Thanks for the feedback! I agree it might have been a bit too prescriptive. I reworded based on your suggestion.
